If you can't break my Zhao family's way of life
I will cut off your life
Let's go then.
Let's go
Hey, go
There must be a wound when the two fight
Don't worry, wait here for the letter.
Now the Zhao family is over
Boy, this is what you call a ten-star hotel
That's right, you have a good eye.
Don't you know?
His sister is a broken restaurant
Come here to eat like him
They're all inferior people haha
I'm afraid
It's already the most high-end place he can do in time
I really thought you had any confidence
Just such a broken store wants to cut off my Zhao family's way of life
Husband, don't joke at this time.
I say yes this is
Come here.
What do you want?
There are so many people here.
Lend you lipstick
Why did you draw this poem by hand?
So chic.
Too little, I'll add another one.
From now on
This is my 11-star hotel
All business in the building is held here
The Zhao family and the dog are responsible
You fool
You dare to tease this old man
I think you're going to lose your head later.
Three minutes. Three minutes.
All the top soldiers in the building
Will kneel down and wait in my 11-star hotel
Good luck
Break the regret of the Zhao family